[Music]
hi
i'm miriam nice from bbc good food and
i'm going to help you make your
christmas even more
magical by showing you how to make a
homemade
cream liqueur plus the non-alcoholic
version
the alcohol version will keep in the
fridge for
about two weeks and it makes a really
lovely last-minute gift
and the non-alcoholic one is a really
quick and easy thing that you can whip
up after dinner and mix that four
servings
let's get started
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
and there you go how to make your own
homemade irish cream liqueur which is
great the present
and the alcohol-free version you can
find the recipes for these
on the bbc good food website along with
stacks of delicious
festive dishes and drinks cheers
[Music]
you